mode-info ----- Commands to show Info descriptions.


1. Introduction

   This package provides improved describe-function and
   describe-variable and combines major modes to edit programming
   languages and its Info closely.

   `mode-info-describe-function' which is one of commands defined by
   this package, is very similar to `describe-function', but can select
   the appropriate document based on major-mode.  For example, when it
   called in c-mode, it retrieves the documentation of the specified
   function from GNU C Library Reference Manual, and shows it.  When it
   called in emacs-lisp-mode, it retrieves the documentation from
   Emacs-Lisp Reference Manual.  If failure it shows a documentation
   string.

   The latest version of this package can be downloaded from:

       http://namazu.org/~tsuchiya/elisp/mode-info.tar.gz


2. Available documents

   Following texinfo documents are supported.

       Emacs-Lisp Reference Manual
       Emacs Manual
       GNU C Library Reference Manual
       Ruby Reference Manual (Japanese)
       Perl Reference Manual (Japanese)
       Octave Reference Manual


3. Install

   Before installation, Info documents will have to be installed.

   (1) Run configure script:

           ./configure

       This should setup stuffs to build mode-info.  If Info documents
       are installed to an unusual directory, the installer will miss
       them.  In this case, it is necessary to tell their place to the
       installer, as follows:

           ./configure --with-info-addpath=DIR1:DIR2

       For more detail, see the help message of configure script.

   (2) Execute these commands to byte compile emacs-lisp programs and to
       install them.

           make
           make install

   (3) Execute these commands to make indices of all available Info
       titles and to install them.

           make index
           make install-index

       If you want to keep old indices, you can skip this step.

   (4) Put these following expressions to your ~/.emacs.

          (require 'mi-config)
          (global-set-key "\C-hf" 'mode-info-describe-function)
          (global-set-key "\C-hv" 'mode-info-describe-variable)
          (global-set-key "\M-." 'mode-info-find-tag)


4. Contact Address

   TSUCHIYA Masatoshi <tsuchiya@namazu.org>



Local Variables:
mode: indented-text
coding: ascii
fill-column: 72
End:
